>> Kyle Simpson: So I wanted to give
you a very brief opportunity to
practice with it.
You don't actually need to
do any real RX programming.
But in EXERCISE 9,
you need to do the functional
programming part attached to the list.
So if you open up the Read Me,
you'll see that it says,
there's the fix solution works but
the exercise does not work.
And it gives you very specifically
what you need to add in.
You need to implement a function and
then adapt it to the stream.
So we'll give you probably a few
minutes to try your hand at that.
It's really actually only about two or
three lines of code, so
there's not a lot to do here.
Well I'll give you a few minutes to
familiarize yourself with that and
then we'll talk about that solution.